fix(world-vercel): add default request timeout to workflow-server HTTP calls (#1807)
vercel/workflow: .changeset/fix-world-vercel-request-timeout.md

---
"@workflow/world-vercel": patch
---

> Add a default request timeout to workflow-server HTTP calls so hung responses can't burn compute up to the function's `maxDuration`. Timeouts now surface as `WorkflowWorldError` and are handled by existing catch sites.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add a default request timeout to world-vercel HTTP calls so hanging responses can be re-tried sooner and run less risk of continuing until a function timeout
```
